Now the first diagram you're going to build in use it expands design process is actually system model
or some may call it proposed system model that this is how our website or our app is going to work.
These are the work rules all the major interesting parties that are going to use your system.
Okay so that is going to be a bird's eye view.
We are going to look at the overall build of our system how it is going to work and what is its major
boundaries.
So here we go.
And let me show you what I'd actually work rules.
We have already learned about work rules and personas.
But here actually why I am talking about these work rules is that they are more related to your system
diagram because each worker will have different jobs and different tasks.
So from those work rules you are going to extract different tasks and those tasks are going to be built
into your requirements of your app.
So for example in my land e-commerce Web site a shopper is actually a user is a work role.
Then we have an admin delivery guy company or delivery company supplier.
Even as a mess or the mobile network company these are all linked.
They are linked in to my system somehow.
They are my work roles.
So this is the thing you are going to you know look for when you are going to create your system.
So let's see some example.
The real example which I created this is not rocket science.
It is very easy don't you know try to think that oh my god I how I am going to do that.
This is very simple if you can draw some circles you can draw this system diagram on a paper.
OK so let's see something example so you can see here is a system model I created using balsamic mockups
you can use any software any tool even you can use paper and pencil.
So the dotted line you can see it is actually the boundary of my system that these other tasks are functions
it can perform the outside people that are CEO and main customer or shopper third party vendor dressmaker
or delivery company they are actually my work roles and they are interacting with this system the system.
This is my boundary and here we have admin that is managing product details images prices and creating
deals then we have CEO says reports revenue generated in monthly sales then we have customers article
frocks and dresses and keep updated about the new products filtering and with these few criteria is
then we have orchestrator operated by a tracking number and azimuth receiving estimates and giving sending
a semester the customer not this s Amazon order track tracking is also linked to delivery company because
they are going to send these estimates then we have order dispatch with printed labels or delivery can
be we are going to dispatch that to a delivery company maybe there might be someone else who is dispatching
this past manager or something like that but I am not showing it over here then we have stock level
alerts or maybe someone manually calling the third party vendors that we have this shortage of this
dress please send us ten more pieces or 50 more pieces so stock level alerts.
We also need dresses.
We are not going to make them but we're going to buy them from third party.
So this is actually the system model simple system model or system diagram of how my e-commerce store
for frock land is going to work I hope you have enjoyed this lesson if you have any questions to ask
me I am going to share all these documents and the resources so don't forget to download them and see
them up close.
See you soon in the next lesson.